Add FAQ page (#69)
AgregoreWeb/website: faq.md

# Frequently-asked-Questions
### What are the differeneces between Hypercore, Bittorent and IPFS?
+ <ins>Bittorent</ins> is the oldest out of the three and has the most data. However it does not support files that change over time.
+ <ins>Hypercore</ins> is fast and allows files to change, but it only is available in Javascript.

> + <ins>IPFS</ins> is not very strong with files that change but it does have some lean way unlike Bittorent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ <ins>IPFS</ins> is not very strong with files that change but it does have some basic support unlike Bittorent.
```

> When peers use **Bittorent** or **Hypercore** to share data, they are seperated by the websites and can't share connections between websites. Where as in **IPFS** you can download data regaurdless of which website it is apart of. In other words, Bittorent and Hypercore find peers per website while IPFS finds peers per file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When peers use **Bittorent** or **Hypercore** to share data, they are seperated by the websites and can't share connections between websites. Where as in **IPFS** you can download data regaurdless of which website it is apart of. In other words, Bittorent and Hypercore find peers per website while IPFS finds peers per file. This also means that IPFS needs more resources to advertise and look up data.
```

### Why are Ad Bloockers good to use?

> Ads can be harmful to your computer by giving you viruses and waste data. Companies can also violate your privacy without giving you a choice to say no. An example of a Ad Blocker is a <ins>Extension</ins>. Agregore uses extentions for lots of it's features and developers can add new features without having to change the browsers code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ads can be harmful to your computer by giving you viruses and wasting data. Ad companies can also violate your privacy without giving you a choice to say no. An example of a Ad Blocker is [UBlock Origin](https://ublockorigin.com/). Agregore uses extentions for lots of it's features and developers can add new features without having to change the browsers code.
```
